Here's a quick overview of the invoicing process as a whole.
The OPs personnel, requests for a ticket from the airlines.
All the while, he or she, would input all the necessary data into iGATOR.
In turn, a TOR is created which also simultaneously creates
an exact copy in the form of a Purchase Order, which goes directly into PRISM.
All the while, the airlines will issue an invoice and send it over to AIS.
AIS will then check and verify the invoice information
with the PO information in PRISM.
Once verified, the invoice will be processed.
After which, AIS will request Treasury to continue
with the remittance to the Airlines Partners.
This completes the invoicing process.